.
Col. Douglas Mortimer (Lee Van Cleef) aims pistol.
Nino (Mario Brega) runs out of building.
The Colonel turns and fires pistol.
Nino falls in mid run, dies.
The Colonel moves out rom behind rock and runs toward building.
El Indio (Gian Maria Volonte) opens door of building, fires pistol.
The Colonel loses his pistol, stops running, looks at El Indio.
El indio lowers pistol.
The Colonel watch El Indio.
El Indio leaves building, walks down stairs.
The Colonel watch El Indio.
El Indio walks toward the Colonel, the Colone watches El Indio.
El Indio holsters pistol, holds out locket, speaks the the Colonel.
El Indio continues speaking, the Colonel watches El Indio.
El Indio finishes speaking, opens locket, locket begins playing music.
Music continues playing, the Colonel looks downward.
The Colonel's pistol lies on the ground.
The Colonel looks back at El Indio.
El Indio slowly walks closer to the Colonel, looks down at locket.
El Indio stares at Locket, the Colonel watches El Indio, El Indio is in foreground, the Colonel in background.
The Colonel watches El Indio, the Colonel is in foreground, El Indio in background.
The Colonel continues to watch El Indio.
El Indio watches the Colonel.
The Colonel continues to watch El Indio.
El Indio continues to watch the Colonel.
The Colonel continues to watch El Indio, looks down at pistol.
The Colonel's pistol lies on the ground.
The Colonel looks back at El Indio.
El Indio's hand lies at his side.
El Indio continues to watch the Colonel.
El Indio's hand moves toward his pistol.
El Indio watches the Colonel, looks to the side, another locket begins playing music.
The Colonel looks to the side.
Both men look toward camera, Monco's (Clint Eastwood) hand appears, holding another locket.
The Colonel reaches into vest pocket, pulls out chain.
Chain does not have locket on the end.
The Colonel looks back up at Monco.
Monco holds locket, watches El Indio.
El Indio watches Monco, turns to look at the Colonel.
The Colonel watches Monco.
Monco watches El Indio, begins walking .
Monco walks toward duel ground.
El Indio reaches for pistol.
Monco continues walking, aims rifle at El Indio, shakes head.
El Indio takes hand away from pistol.
Monco looks at the Colonel, glances at locket, speaks to the Colonel.
The Colonel watches Monco.
Monco looks back at El Indio, walks toward the Colonel, El Indio watches Monco, closes locket.
Monco backs up next to the Colonel.
El Indio watches the Colonel and Monco.
Monco takes off belt, holds belt out to the Colonel, speaks to the Colone, the Colonel removes own belt, takes the belt, puts belt on, Monco speaks to El Indio.
The Colonel finishes putting on the belt, Monco walks to edge of duel ground, begins sitting down.
Monco finishes sitting down.
El Indio watches the Colonel.
The Colonel watches El Indio.
The Colonel continues watching El Indio.
El Indio continues watching the Colonel.
The Colonel continues watching El Indio.
El Indio continues watching the Colonel.
Monco watches El Indio, looks at locket.
Locket music slows.
Monco looks back up at El Indio.
The Colonel and El Indio face each other.
The Colonel and El Indio face each other, the Colonel is in the foreground, El Indio is in the background.
The Colonel watches El Indio.
Monco looks from the Colonel to El Indio.
El Indio watches the Colonel.
The Colonel watches El Indio.
El Indio watches the Colonel.
El Indio's hand moves toward pistol.
El Indio watches the Colonel.
El Indio's hand moves toward pistol.
The Colonel watches El Indio.
Monco looks at the Colonel, looks at El Indio.
El Indio draws his pistol.
The Colonel draws his pistol, fires.
El Indio his hit, falls back onto ground.
El Indio finishes falling.
Monco watches El Indio.
El Indio crawls backward, leans against rock, aims pistol.
Monco watches El Indio.
The Colonel pulls the pistol hammer back.
El Indio aims gun at the Colonel, dies.
The Colonel watches El Indio.
Monco spits, looks at the Colonel, speaks to the Colonel.
The Colonel looks at Monco.
The Colonel holsters Monco's pistol.
Monco watches the Colonel.
The Colonel walks toward El Indio.
Monco watches the Colonel.
Train slows to a stop, thugA walks along sidetrain, thugB watches train.
thugA turns and looks at thugB.
thugB looks across train.
Train door opens.
thugA jerks head towards door.
Door continues to open, thugA reaches for gun.
thugB looks at door.
Train worker tosses package out of train.
thugC keeps hand on gun.
thugC watches train.
Train worker closes train door.
thugA looks at thugB.
thugB smiles and looks at the passenger car.
thugB keeps hand on gun.
thugB looks back at thugA, nods head away from train, looks at thugC, nods head away from train, turns around.
thugC steps down from spot, walks toward thugB, whistle blows, thugA walks toward thugB, thugB walks awat from train, stops turns around, all three turn, walk toward horses, Harmonica music starts.
All thugs stop, turn around, thugA looks at thugB, thugB nods, Harmonica (Charles Bronson) plays Harmonica.
Harmonica continues playing, looks at thugs.
Thugs watch Harmonica, Harmonica continues playing, continues watching thugs.
thugB continues watching Harmonica.
Harmonica finishes playing, lowers Harmonica, speaks to thugB.
thugBs shakes head, replies to Harmonica.
Harmonica speaks to thugB.
thugA smiles, looks at thugB.
thugBs looks back at horses, replies to Harmonica.
Thugs laugh, Harmonica watches thugs, shakes head, replies to thugB.
thugA stops smiling.
thugB continues watching Harmonica.
All men stare at each other.
Harmonica stares at thugB.
thugB reaches for gun.
Harmonica draws gun, shoots, thugB and thugC fall back.
thugA fires gun.
Harmonica spins back, falls over.
thugA falls back.
Thug walks through barn, rope is thrown around thug's neck.
Thug grabs neck, fires gun, falls.
Rope is tied to horse, horse runs out of barm, thug is dragged with horse.
Horse and thug go toward Stockburn (John Russell).
Horse and thug go past Stockburn, Stockburn turns to watch them go.
The Preacher (Clint Eastwood) steps toward hat, bends down, picks hat up.
Stockburn watches thug and horse, turns head to the Preacher brushes off hat.
Stockburn finishes turning head to the Preacher, looks at The Preacher.
The Preacher puts hat on.
Stockburn turns body toward the Preacher.
The Preacher adjusts hat, watches Stockburn, turns body toward Stockburn.
Stockburn removes hands from pockets, moves coat to reveal gun.
The Preacher walks toward Stockburn.
Stockburn watches the Preacher.
The Preacher continues waking toward Stockburn.
The Preacher continues waking toward Stockburn.
The Preacher opens gun chamber, reaches for bullet on belt.
Stockburn watches the Preacher.
The Preacher puts bullet in gun, continues walking toward Stockburn.
The Preacher watches Stockburn.
The Preacher continues loading gun, contiues walking toward Stockburn, woman exits house, runs off screen.
Stockburn watches the Preacher.
Coy LaHood (Richard Dystart) watches the Preacher from inside building.
The Preacher continues waking toward Stockburn.
The Preacher nears Stockburn, Stockburn watches the Preacher.
The Preacher puts gun in holster, continues walking.
Stockburn continues watching, the Preacher continues walking.
The Preacher stops walking.
Stockburns watches the Preacher.
The Preacher watches Stockburn.
Stockburn speaks to the Preacher.
The Preacher watches Stockburn.
Stockburn attempts to draw gun.
The Preacher draws gun.
Stockburn pauses.
The Preacher aims gun at Stockburn.
Stockburn speaks to the Preacher.
The Preacher watches Stockburn.
Stockburn attempts to draw gun.
The Preacher fires gun.
The Preacher continues to fire gun.
The Preacher continues to fire gun.
Stockburn flinches, the Preacher continues to fire gun.
The Preacher finishes firing his gun, Stockburn sinks to his knees..
Stockburn bends over, loses hat.
The Preacher draws a second gun.
Stockburn draws gun.
The Preacher watches Stockburn.
Stockburn looks up at the Preacher.
The Preacher aims gun at Stockburn.
The Preacher fires gun, Stockburn falls forward, dies.
The preacher watches Stockburn's corpse.
LaHood walks to window with rifle, aims at the Preacher.
Hull Baret (Michael Moriarty) kicks in door.
LaHood turns to look at Baret.
Baret steps toward LaHood, aims rifle.
LaHood aims rifle.
Baret fires rifle.
LaHood falls backward.
The Preacher looks toward building.
LaHood falls backward, breaks window.
LaHood continues breaking window, dies.
The Preacher watches LaHood's corpse.
Baret lowers rifle, walks out of building.
Baret walks down stairs.
Baret walks into street.
Baret continues walking into street.
The Preacher rides out of barn on horse.
The Preacher stops, turns horse toward Baret.
The Preacher watches Baret.
Baret watches the Preacher.
The Preacher watches Baret.
Baret looks down at Stockburn's corpse.
Stockburns corpse lays still.
Baret looks back at the Preacher.
The Preacher speaks to Baret.
Baret replies to the Preacher.
The Preacher nods, rides off out of town.
Ranse (Stewart) approaches Liberty (Marvin) out in the street.
Liberty begins provoking Ranse.
Ranse continues approaching Liberty.
Liberty commands Ranse emerge from the shadows.
Ranse walks into a lit area..
Liberty draws his gun & fires.
The bullet strikes the hanging pot next to Ranse, jarring him.
Liberty laughs at Ranse.
Ranse stands his ground.
Liberty stares down Ranse.
Liberty fires another round.
Liberty fires another round.
The bullet strikes Ranse's arm, causing him to drop his gun.
Liberty continues laughing at Ranse.
Ranse begins to approach his fallen pistol.
Liberty looks at Ranse.
Ranse slowly approaches his gun, while Liberty provokes him.
Liberty shoots the ground near Ranse's gun.
Ranse successfully picks up his gun and resumes approaching Liberty.
Liberty announces his next shot will kill Ranse.
Both men fire, and Liberty falls to the street & dies. The crowd swarms Liberty's body..
Ranse walks away from the scene while clutching his bloody arm..
Shane (Alan Ladd) walks to the bar structure.
Shane enters the bar structure.
Jack Wilson (Jack Palance) sits at table looks at Shane.
Shane looks at Rufus Ryker (Emile Meyer).
Ryker and the bartender look at shane.
Shane looks at two other bar patrons.
The two bar patrons look at Shane.
Shane walks into bar, pauses, a bar patron leaves, Shane looks at Wilson.
Wilson moves kettle on table.
Shane continues walking, leans against bar.
boy kneels next to dog just outside door to watch, looks at Wilson.
Shane addresses Ryker, Ryker responds.
boy continues to watch.
Shane continues leaning against bar, replies to Ryker, Ryker replies to Shane, Shane replies to Ryker.
The boy looks as Wilson, Ryker replies to Shane.
Wilson watches Shane, Shane replies to Ryker.
Rifleman watches Shane from second floor, Ryker replies to Shane.
Shane replies to Ryker, Ryker replies to Shane, Shane replies to Ryker.
The boy continues to watch, Ryker replies to Shane.
Wilson watches Shane, Ryker continues his reply.
Ryker finishes his reply, Shane replies to Ryker, turns to and addresses Wilson.
Wilson drinks, sets down cup, replies to Shane, stands, begins to walk around table.
Shane and Bartender watch Wilson.
Wilson walks in front of table.
Dog gets up and walks past Wilson.
Shane continues to wach Wilson, Patron gets up, leaves bar.
Wilson speaks to Shane.
Shane replies to Wilson.
Wilson replies to Shane.
Ryker speaks to Shane.
Ryker speaks to bartender, Shane speaks to Wilson.
Wilson replies to Shane.
Shane replies to Wilson.
Wilson replies to Shane.
Shane pushes off of bar, stands.
Wilson watches Shane.
Shane replies to Wilson.
boy looks at Wilson.
Wilson smiles at Shane.
Shane watches Wilson.
Wilson replies to Shane.
Shane watches Wilson.
Wilson draws his gun.
Shane draws his gun and fires.
Wilson fires and falls back against table.
Ryker draws his gun, Shane turns to Ryker, fires his gun, Ryker fires, falls against wall.
Wilson fires and falls into barrels.
Rifleman watches Shane from second floor.
Shane walks toward Ryker.
Rifleman watches Shane from second floor.
Shane looks at Ryker.
Ryker lies against table, dead.
Shane turns around.
Bartender watches Shane.
Shane flips gun, holsters gun.
boy watches Shane.
Shane walks toward door.
Rifleman aims gun at Shane.
boy sees man with gun.
Rifleman aims gun at Shane.
boy yells to Shane.
Shane turns around, draw gun, Rifleman fires gun, Shane crouches, fires gun.
Rifleman stumbles back against wall.
Shane looks up at rifleman.
Rifleman falls forward.
Rifleman falls off second floor and through wooden beam.
Rifleman falls onto first floor.
boy watches man fall.
Bartender watches Shane, Shane holsters guns, turns around.
boy watches Shane.
boy stands up, moves out of doorway.
Shane stops, looks at Wilson.
Wilson lies dead among barrels.
Shane looks back at Rifleman and Ryker.
Rifeman and Ryker both lie dead, Shane turns around, leaves bar structure.
Andy Warshaw (Steve Ihnat) sits on fence, looks backward at approaching riders, thugA sits on horse, watches approaching riders.
Riders approach pen, thugB looks at riders, nudges thugC, speaks to thugC, thugC looks at riders, replies to thugB, both men lean back.
Warshaw looks away from riders.
riders 3 and 4 approach thugs B and C, rider 1 aims gun at thugs, thugs B and C stand up, thugB crosses arms.
Rider 5, Doc Holiday (Jason Robards), and Wyatt Earp (James Garner) sit on horses, watch Warshaw, Warshaw puts cigarette in mouth, puts hand in vest pocket, Rider 5 speaks to Warshaw, Warshaw strikes match on post, lights cigarette, replies to Rider 5, Rider 5 speaks to man on horse.
Rider 5 continues speaking to thugA, thugA dismounts from horse, leads horse away, Warshaw speaks to Rider 5.
Wyatt replies to Warshaw, shifts leg over horse, Warshaw turns to look at men, puts left leg on fense, replies to Wyatt, Watt replies to Warshaw, Warshaw replies to Wyatt, Wyatt replies to Warshaw.
Warshaw replies to Wyatt.
Wyatt replies to Warshaw.
Warshaw replies to Wyatt.
Warshaw continues to reply to Wyatt, Wyatt replies to Warshaw, Warshaw replies to Wyatt, Wyatt replies to Warshaw, Warshaw replies to Wyatt, Wyatt replies to Warshaw, Warshaw replies to Wyatt, Wyatt replies to Warshaw, Warshaw replies to Wyatt, glances back at Pen, Wyatt replies to Warshaw.
Warshaw replies to Wyatt.
Wyatt interrupts Warshaw.
Warshaw replies to Wyatt.
Wyatt closes eyes, opens eyes, speaks to Warshaw.
Warshaw replies to Wyatt.
Wyatt speaks to Warshaw.
Warshaw watches Wyatt.
Riders 3-5 and Doc lower heads.
Wyatt starts dismounting from horse.
Warshaw begins dismounting fence.
Wyatt finishes dismouting horse, Warshaw finishes dismounting fence, Wyatt speaks to Warshaw, Warshaw replies to Wyatt, Wyatt replies to Warshaw.
Wyatt continues speaking to Warshaw, Warshaw watches Wyatt.
Wyatt watche Warshaw, continues speaking to Warshaw.
Rider 3 speaks to Wyatt.
Wyatt replies to rider 3.
Rider 5 replies to Wyatt, Warshaw watches Wyatt.
Rider 5 continues replying to Wyatt, Wyatt watches Warshaw, Wyatt replies to rider 3.
Warshaw watches Wyatt, speaks to Wyatt, throws cigarette on the ground.
Wyatt speaks to Warshaw.
Warshaw watches Wyatt, Wyatt begins counting.
Warshaw draws gun, Wyatt finishes counting, draws gun, fires gun, Warshaw is thrown back, Wyatt fires again.
Warshaw stumbles, Wyatt fires again, Warshaw falls back against fence, grabs fence for support.
Wyatt fires again.
Wyatt fires again, Warshaw falls to ground.
Wyatt fires again.
Warshaw convulses, dies.
Doc watches Warshaw's body, looks at Wyatt.
Wyatt watches Warshaw's body, speaks to riders.
Taggart (Slim Pickens) sits on horse, speaks to Bart (Cleavon Little), points at Bart.
Bart replies to Taggart.
Taggart speaks to thugs, looks around at thugs, Lyle (Burton Gilliam) leans on Taggart, speaks to Taggart, Taggart replies to Lyle, Lyle speaks to thugs.
Jim (Gene Wilder) speaks to thugs.
Lyle speaks to thugs.
Jim licks hand, blows on hand, Lyle continues speaking to thugs.
thugs all hold aim guns, Lyle counts.
thugs pull back gun hammers, Lyle continues to count.
Jim watches thugs.
thugs continue pulling back hammers, Lyle continues to count.
Jim draws guns and fires.
Guns fly out of thugs' hands, thugs clutch hands in pain.
Jim watches thugs.
thugs clutch and shake hands in pain.
thugs clutch and shake hands in pain.
Jim holds out hands, crowd high fives him continuously.
Taggart looks at thugs, Lyle shakes hand in pain, Bart speaks to thugs.
Bart continues speaking, draws gun, pulls gun hammer back.
thugs clap hands .
Ned Nederlander (Martin Short) speaks to crowd.
Guapo (Abel Franco) smiles at Ned, Ned continues to speak.
Ned continues speaking, turns, speaks to German (Kai Wulff), German draws gun.
German turns, aims gun, fires gun.
German fires gun several times at pinata, pinata body falls to ground.
Dusty Bottoms (Chevy Chase) flinches, grabs hat.
Guapo smiles at pinata.
Ned turns to German, German speaks to Ned.
German continues speaking.
German turns, walks away from Ned.
German walks toward duel position.
Jefe stands up from chair, walks off of stage.
Jefe walks to Ned, grabs Ned's shoulders, turns Ned around.
Jefe puts arm around Ned.
German continues walking.
German turns around.
Jefe and Ned walk to duel position, Ned turns head to Dusty.
Dusty shrugs, nods at Ned.
Jefe and Ned continue walking to duel position, bandit turns Ned around.
Men on stage watch Ned, Guapo lights cigar, shakes out match.
Bandit 2 walks to Ned and Jefe, gives gun to Jefe, Jefe speaks to Ned.
Jefe continues speaking to Ned, German speaks to Ned.
German continues speaking to Ned.
Jefe takes gun out of Ned's holster, puts gun in Ned's belt, holds out gun for Ned, Ned takes gun.
Ned is pulled down by gun's weight, pulls gun back up, attempts to put it in holster.
Ned misses the holster, stumbles to the side, Bandit 2 keeps Ned from falling over, Ned puts gun in holster, Jefe grabs Ned, kisses his cheek.
Jefe kisses Ned's other cheek, lets go of Ned.
Ned looks at Jefe.
Jefe laughs at Ned.
Bandits 1 and 2 turn and walk away.
Bandits 1 and 2 walk past Dusty, Dusty smiles at them.
Jefe steps onto stage, sits down in chair.
Ned stands in place, watches German.
German stands in place, watches Ned.
Both men watch eachother with German in foreground, crowd turns to German.
German's gun is shown in holster, German watches Ned.
German and Ned are shown with German's gun in foreground.
German and Ned are shown with Neds's gun in foreground.
Guapo watches Ned, inhales cigar.
Area is shown, Ned and German stand.
German is watches Ned.
Ned watches German.
German's eyes are shown, watches Ned.
Ned's eyes are shown, watches German.
German draws gun.
Ned draws gun.
Ned fire guns.
German is thrown backward on the ground, dead.
Ned flies backward.
Ned flies into horse, throws gun up.
Lucky Day (Steve Martin) catches gun.
Suited man 1 stands up.
Lucky stands up.
Suited man 1 draws gun, fires gun.
Lucky aims gun, fires.
Suited man 1 falls back, dead, suited man 2 stands up, draws gun.
Dusty Bottoms bends down.
Dusty takes knife from bandit's boot.
Dusty throws knife.
Knife pins suited man 2's arm sleeve to post.
Ned looks at Bandit 3.
Bandit 3 aims gun.
Ned draws gun.
Guapo looks at Bandit 3.
Ned fires gun.
Bandit 3 falls off roof.
Ned turns to Guapo.
Guapo Stands up, throws cigarette down.
Elliot Marston (Alan Rickman) speaks to O'Flynn (Ben Mendelsohn), O'Flynn walks toward Matthew Quigley (Tom Selleck), Marston Kicks O'Flynn.
Quigley looks at O'Flynn.
O'Flynn puts a gun in Quigley's belt.
O'Flynn steps back, draws gun, aim's gun at Quigley, steps to the side Dobkin (Tony Bonner) aims gun at Quigley, Marston speaks to Quigley.
Marston continues speaking to Quigley, points to Dobkin, points to O'Flynn, jerks thumbs backward.
Dobkin and O'Flynn back away from Quigley, Martson speaks to Quigley, backs away from Quigley.
Quigley watches the men, sighs, Marston speaks.
Marston speaks, stops moving.
Martson speaks to Quigley, Quigley watches Marston.
Martson reaches to move coat.
Marston moves coat to reveal gun, speaks.
Marston continues to speak.
Quigley watches Martson.
Marston speaks to Quigley.
Quigley adjusts stance.
O'Flynn watches Quigley, smiles.
Dobkin watches Quigley.
Marston, O'Flynn, and Dobkin stare at Quigley, Quigley stares at the three men, pulls at fingers of glove.
Quigley pulls off glove, looks at hand, looks at Marston, speaks to Marston.
Marston stares at Quigley.
Marston, O'Flynn, and Dobkin stare at Quigley, Guigley stares at the three men.
Marston, O'Flynn, and Dobkin stare at Quigley, Guigley stares at the three men.
Marston stares at Quigley.
Marston draws gun.
Quigley draws and fires gun.
Marston is hit.
Dobkin is hit.
O'Flynn falls back.
Smoke clears, Quigley looks at 3 men.
Marston falls over, Dobkin and O'Flynn lie dead, Quigley walks to Marston.
Quigley looks down at Marston.
Marston looks up at Quigley, bleeding to death.
Quigley speaks to Marston.
Marston laughs.
Quigley holsters gun.
Marston dies.
Sam Pierce (Charles Bickford) puts gun on bar, speaks to Zeke (Robert McKenzie), slides gun down to Zeke, takes box out of shirt pocket, Zeke replies, walks to Sam while mixing soda, sets glass on bar, Sam replies to Zeke, shows Zeke ring, Zeke looks ring, replies to Sam, Sam replies to Zeke, speaks to bar patrons, raises soda, Lewton McHandles (Gregory Peck) speaks to Sam, enters bar.
McHandles continues speaking to Sam, puts cigarette in mouth.
Sam replies, McHandles replies, Sam replies.
McHandles speaks to Sam.
Sam replies to McHandles.
Sam continues to reply to McHandles, McHandles replies to Sam.
McHandles continues to to reply to Sam.
Sam turns toward Mchandles.
Sam reaches for gun, touches empty holster.
Sam replies to McHandles.
McHandles replies to Sam, moves away from bar, Sam walks toward McHandles, Zeke slides Sam his gun, Sam reaches for gun.
Sam grabs gun.
McHandles draws gun, Sam aims gun at Mchandles, McHandles fires three times, Sam falls dead.
Sam lets go of ring.
McHandles speaks to bar patrons, throws gun up, catches gun, holsters gun, walks toward entrance.
Ben Orcutt (Forrest Tucker) turns corner, takes out match, lights match, lights cigarette, continues walking, shakes match, sees horse.
Barn is shown, a horse is tied up at a fence post.
Orcutt puts out cigarette, begins walking, throws cigarette away, Brazos Kane (Randolph Scott) speaks to Orcutt, Orcutt stops walking, raises hands, speaks to Brazos, Brazos replies to Orcutt, Orcutt turns around, Brazos stands with hands raised.
Orcutt watches Brazos.
Brazos watches Orcutt, speaks to Orcutt.
Orcutt draws, Brazos fires offscreen, Orcutt falls to his knees, drops gun, falls over, dead.
Bard Macky (Bruce Cabot), opens door, exits house, looks around, sees Brazos.
Brazos and Bard walk toward each other, stop, Bard draws gun, Brazos draws gun, fires gun.
Bard drops gun, falls over.
Bard tries crawls, grabs gun, Brazos fires off screen, Bard rolls over, dead.
Bess Banner (Barbara Britton) runs out of house, speaks to Mr. Banner (Griff Barnett), runs down stairs, grabs gun.
Bess aims gun at Mr. Banner, Mr. Banner speaks to Brazos, Brazos turns toward Mr. Banner, Bess fires gun, drops gun, runs to Mr. Banner, hugs Mr. Banner, Mr. Banner speaks to Bess, Bess replies to Mr. Banner, Mr. Banner replies to Bess, drops gun.
Brazos holsters gun, turns, walks away.
The bounty hunter approaches the bar.
A dog outside growls at the bounty hunter.
Josey Wales (Clint Eastwood) watches out the window.
The bounty hunter pushes open the door and enters the bar.
The bartender speaks to the bounty hunter.
The bounty hunter states his intent to find Josey wales.
A young woman looks at the bounty hunter.
An old woman turns around to look at the bounty hunter.
An old man turns to look at the bounty hunter.
Wales responds to the bounty hunter.
The man turns to Wales and speaks.
Wales responds to the bounty hunter.
The bounty hunter continues to stare at Wales.
Wales asks who the bounty hunter is.
The bounty hunter replies.
Wales replies.
The bounty hunter continues to stare at Wales.
Wales continues his reply.
The bounty hunter continues to stare at Wales.
Wales stares at the bounty hunter.
The bounty hunter turns and leaves the bar.
Wales watches the bounty hunter go.
The young woman looks away from the door.
The bartender and man at the bar return to their drink.
The old woman and her company continue to stare at the door.
The old man continues to stare at the door.
Wales stares at the bounty hunter.
The bounty hunter reenters the bar.
Wales stares at the bounty hunter.
The young woman looks at the bounty hunter.
The old man looks at the bounty hunter.
The old woman and her company stare at the bounty hunter.
The bartender and the man at the bar stare at the bounty hunter.
Two other patrons look at the bounty hunter.
The bounty hunter speaks to Wales.
Wales replies.
The bounty hunter draws his gun.
Wales draws his gun and fires.
The bouny hunter falls backward out of the bar.
The bounty hunter hits the ground and dies.
The bounty hunter's partner sees him dead and runs.
Wales stares at the door.
The old man stares at the door.
The old woman and her company stare at the bounty hunter.
Rufus Hannassey (Burl Ives) loads two guns for a duel, James Mckay (Gregory Peck) and Buck Hannassey (Chuck Connors) stare eachother down. Rufus walks toward Buck and James, speaks to crowd, speaks to Buck and James, holds both guns out the James, James speaks to Buck, Buck takes a gun, Rufus gives gun to James, speaks to James and Buck, puts a hand of both and turns them back to back.  Buck fiddles with gun, Rufus speaks to Buck, turns around, speaks to crowd, walks back to wagon, Buck speaks to James, Rufus speaks to James and Buck.
Rufus continues to speak to James and Buck, Jean Simmons (Julie Maragon) watches both men, closes her eyes.
Rufus continues to speak to James and Buck, both men walk forward ten paces.
Jean opens her eyes again and watches both men.
Rufus speaks to James and Buck, both turn around, pull back hammers.
Buck stands and watches James.
James watches Buck.
Rufus speaks to James and Buck, Jean watches both men.
Buck aims his gun.
James aims his gun.
Rufus looks at James, then at Buck.
Buck fires.
James jerks back.
Rufus looks at Buck, moves in his seat.
Jean continues watching.
James recovers, touches wound on head.
Jean sighs.
Rufus speaks to Buck, James looks at Buck, speaks to Rufus, Rufus looks at James.
James speaks to Rufus.
Buck tries to shoot James, looks at gun, looks at James.
Rufus looks at James, speaks to James.
James watches Buck.
Buck watches James.
James watches Buck.
James aims his gun.
James continues aiming his gun.
Buck looks at Rufus.
Rufus looks at Buck.
Buck looks at James.
James continues aiming his gun.
James opens his left eye.
Buck watches James, shows vsible fear.
Buck crouches down and cowers.
Rufus watches Buck.
Buck stands up and runs.
Buck falls behind wagon wheel.
James lowers gun.
Rufus speaks to James, looks at ground.
James looks at Rufus.
James looks at gun, fires at ground, throws gun on ground.
James looks at Rufus.
Rufus looks at James.
Rufus climbs down from wagon, walks to Buck, James leaves duel position.
Rufus looks at Buck, spits on Buck.
Buck flinches, Rufus walks away, Buck looks at James.
James stands with Jean.
Buck turns around, looks at man with gun, lunges at man with gun.
Rufus sees Buck, speaks to Buck.
James and Jean look at Buck.
Buck struggles with man with gun, takes gun, throws man aside, aims gun at James.
Rufus draws his gun, fires.
Buck jerks back.
Buck falls onto side of watter barrel.
James and Jean watch Buck.
Buck drops gun in water.
Rufus walks to Buck.
Buck looks at Rufus, tries to move toward him.
Rufus watches Buck.
Buck continues moving toward Rufus.
Rufus speaks to Buck, Buck continues moving toward Rufus, reaches out to Rufus, falls against wagon wheel, Rufus takes his shoulders, Buck falls limp, dies.
James and Jean watch Rufus and Buck.
Rufus holds Buck, lowers head.
Blondie (Clint Eastwood), Sentenza (Lee VanCleef), and Tuco (Eli Wallach) stand around the center of the graveyard staring at each other.
Tuco watches Blondie, looks toward Sentenza.
Sentenza watches Tuco, looks toward Blondie.
Blondie watches Sentenza, looks at Tuco.
Tuco and Blondie watch eachother with Blondie in the foreground and Tuco in the background.
Tuco looks at Sentenza, with Tuco in the foreground and Sentenza in the background.
Sentenza looks at Blondie, with Sentenza in the foreground and Blondie in the background.
Sentenza grips gun with one hand, grips belt with the other.
Blondie stands idle with on leg on thigh and the other near gun.
Tuco stands with one hand at his side and the other near gun.
Tuco watches Sentenza, looks at Blondie.
Blondie watches Tuco, looks at Sentenza.
Sentenza watches Tuco, looks at Blondie.
Blondie watches Sentenza.
Sentenza watches Blondie.
Tuco shifts eyes between men.
Tuco's hand lower toward gun.
Sentenza looks at Tuco.
Tuco watches Sentenza.
Tuco's hand hovers near gun.
Blondie looks at Tuco.
Tuco looks at Blondie.
Blondie watches Tuco.
Tuco looks at Sentenza, then back at Blondie.
Blondie's hand hangs at side near gun.
Sentenza watches Blondie, looks at Tuco.
Tuco's hand lower toward gun.
Sentenza watches Tuco, looks at Blondie.
Sentenza grips gun with one hand, grips belt with the other.
Blondie watches Tuco, looks at Sentenza.
Sentenza grips gun with one hand, grips belt with the other.
Sentenza watches Blondie.
Blondie watches Sentenza.
Tuco watches Blondie, looks at Sentenza, then back at Blondie.
Blondie looks at Tuco.
Sentenza watches Blondie, looks at Tuco, then back at Blondie.
Sentenza grips gun with one hand, grips belt with the other.
Sentenza watches Blondie.
Blondie watches Tuco.
Tuco watches Blondie.
Sentenza watches Tuco.
Sentenza takes hand off belt, moves hand toward gun.
Sentenza watches Blondie, looks toward Tuco.
Tuco watches Blondie.
Sentenza looks at Blondie.
Sentenza's hand hovers over gun.
Sentenza looks at Blondie.
Blondie watches Tuco.
Tuco watches Blondie.
Sentenza's hand hovers over gun.
Sentenza looks at Blondie.
Blondie watches Tuco.
Tuco watches Blondie.
Blondie's hand hangs at side near gun.
Sentenza's hand hovers over gun.
Tuco's hand hovers near gun.
Blondie watches Tuco.
Tuco watches Blondie, looks at Sentenza, then back at Blondie.
Sentenza's head shifts.
Sentenza draws gun.
Tuco's head shifts.
Tuco draws gun.
Blondie draws gun, fires gun.
Sentenza is hit by bullet, falls, Tuco tries to fire gun.
Sentenza falls on dirt mound, tries to adjust self.
Tuco tries fo fire gun, gun does not fire, Tuco looks down at gun, looks in chambers.
Blondie pulls back gun hammer.
Tuco flinches, steps back.
Sentenza struggles on ground to look at Blondie, aims gun.
Blondie fires gun.
Sentenza is hit by bullet.
Sentenza drops gun, falls into open grave, dies.
Tuco looks at Blondie.
Blondie watches Sentenza's body.
Blondie lowers gun, beings walking toward Tuco, looks at Sentenza, raises gun, fires gun.
Sentenza's hat flies into grave.
Tuco looks at Blondie.
Blondie pulls back gun hammer, fires gun.
Sentenza's gun flies into grave.
Blondie lowers gun, stops walking, looks down, looks back up at Tuco, smiles.
Johnny and Ben Yoder (Brett Tucker) walk along porch toward bar, Johnny speaks to Ben, Ben replies to Johnny.
Johnny stops walking, looks at Ben, speaks to Ben, adjusts hat, turns to bar door, enters bar, Ben walks to side of entrance, leans against wall, adjusts hat, looks at approaching figure.
Woodrow approaches bar, looks down at Ben.
Ben watches Woodrow.
Woodrow continues walking.
Woodrow walks past Ben, stops, pushes Ben.
Woodrow enters bar, Ben moves over to window, looks inside bar.
Johnny stands at bar, speaks to bartender.
The bartender takes two bottles off counter, puts bottles on bar.
Johnny puts coins on bar, looks at bartender.
Bartender looks at Johnny, looks passed Johnny, looks back to Johnny.
Johnny's eyes shift to the right.
Johnny slowly turns around, bartenders moves out of the way.
Johnny continues turning around, Woodrow stares at Johnny.
Johnny finishes turning around, leans against bar, drinks from bottle, speaks to Woodrow.
Woodrow continues staring, crowds begins moving.
Johnny watches Woodrow.
Woodrow watches Johnny.
Woodrow moves coat to reveal gun.
Crowd continues moving away.
Woodrow watches Johnny.
Johnny watches Woodrow.
Woodrow draw gun.
Johnny throws bottle at Woodrow, Woodrow drops gun, cries out.
Johnny walks toward Woodrow, kicks gun away.
Johnny grabs Woodrow by collar.
Crowd continues moving away, Ben watches through window, Johnny speaks to Woodrow..
Johnny continues holding Woodrow, continues speaking to Woodrow.
Johnny continues speaking to Woodrow, throws Woodrow.
Johnny walks away from Woodrow.
Johnny walks away from Woodrow.
Ben runs away from window.
Johnny walks back to bar, speaks to bartender, drinks form bottle.
Bartender stands up, walks to counters.
Woodrow looks at Johnny, looks to the right.
thugB moves coat.
Bartender places bottle on counter.
Johnny puts coins on tabe, thugB is shown in mirror moving toward Woodrow, Woodrow leans over to toward thugB.
thugB gives gun to Woodrow.
Johnny watches mirror.
Woodrow raises gun.
Johnny turns around draws gun, fires gun, fires gun again.
Woodrow is hit by bullet, Johnny fires gun again, thus stumbles back, falls against piano.
Ben and Rebecca Yoder (Naomi Watts) look in through window.
Johnny straightens up.
Woodrow falls to the floor, dies.
Rebecca stares at Woodrow's body.
Johnny watches Woodrow's body.
thugB looks at Woodrow's body.
Johnny looks at thugB.
thugB looks at Johnny, shakes head.
Johnny holsters gun.
Johnny starts to turn around, looks out window.
Rebecca looks at Johnny, looks at Woodrow's body, looks back at Johnny.
Johnny watches Rebecca.
Rebecca takes Ben away from window.
Johnny stares at window.
Payden (Kevin Kline) walks down street .
Payden crosses street and turns corner.
Cobb (Brian Dennehy) sits on rocker then stands up.
Payden continues walking down street.
Cobb walks down steps onto street.
Payden continues walking down street.
Cobb walks towards middle of street and stops.
Payden continues walkding down street and stops.
Stella (Linda Hunt) approaches street from alley.
Payden and Cobb square off while Stella is in background.
Cobb initiates dialog.
Payden replies.
Stella looks on from porch.
Cobb adjusts clothing.
Payden initiates dialog.
Cobb replies.
Duel begins with Payden's gun in foreground, Cobb in background.
Alternate shot with Cobb's gun in foregroud, Payden in background.
Duel transpires (repeat of shot10).
Cobb falls and dies.
Stella reacts to duel outcome.
Payden stares at Cobb's corpse.
Payden holsters gun.
Payden continues to look onto Cobb's corpse.
J.D. Ward (Pernell Roberts) walks with henchmen to Alonzo (J.A. Preston), speaks to Alonzo, holds out arm, looks away.
Alonzo drops reigns, walks to rifle case on horse, opens rifle case, pulls out rifle.
Will Kane (Lee Majors) exits building, walks to edge of porch.
Alonzo looks at Will, speaks to Ward.
Alonzo conitnues speaking to Ward, takes rifle by the barrel, throws rifle.
Rifle lands on ground.
Ward looks at Alonzo, speaks to Alonzo.
Alonzo replies to Ward, points to Will.
Ward looks at Will.
Wil watches Ward, steps off porch, walks out into street.
Ward looks at rifle.
Rifle is still on the ground.
Ward walks toward rifle, looks at Will, speaks to Will.
Will replies to Ward.
Ward continues walking toward rifle, glances right.
Will continues replying to Ward.
Ward finishes walking toward rifle, replies to Will.
Will watches Ward.
Onlookers watch both men.
Onlookers watch both men.
Henchmen and Alonzo watch both men.
Ward holds out hand, speaks to Will.
Will reaches into coat.
Ward draws gun.
Kane draw gun from coat, fires gun.
Ward fires gun, gets hit by bullet, bends over.
Ward drops gun, falls to knees, crawls to rifle, grabs rifle, stands up, pulls hammer on rifle back, turns toward Will, Will fires gun, Ward drops rifle, falls over, dies.
Will watches Ward's body, Amy Kane (Katherine Cannon) exits building, Will holsters gun.
Ward lies dead on ground.
Alonzo leans against pole, turns head away.
Will puts arm around Amy, holds Amy.
Will continues holding Amy.
Jonathan Rudd (Robert Mitchum) drives a carriage along the road.
Van Morgan (Dean Martin) leans against a tree, notices Rudd coming toward him, holsters gun, walks toward Rudd.
Rudd comes down road, stops carriage next to Morgan.
Morgan speaks to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan, dismounts carriage, drops Bible, retrieves Bible.
Bible is shown close up, upside down, Rudd brushes off bible.
Rudd speaks to Morgan.
Rudd continues speaking to Morgan.
Morgan speaks to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan, Morgan replies to Rudd, Rudd replies to Morgan.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan, points at Morgan.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd replies to Morgan.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd stares at Morgan, Morgan continues speaking.
Morgan continues speaking.
Rudd stares at Morgan, Morgan continues speaking.
Morgan continues speaking.
Rudd replies to Morgan, opens Bible.
Rudd continues speaking, turns page to reveal hidden gun.
Morgan replies to Rudd.
Rudd looks at Morgan, Morgan speaks to Rudd.
Morgan continues speaking.
Rudd stares at Morgan.
Morgan stares at Rudd.
Rudd drops Bible, reaches for gun.
Morgan draws gun, fires gun, turns away, falls, Rudd draws gun, fires gun, turns away, falls.
Morgan hits the ground, turns over, aims gun, rises to knee, stands up, walks to Rudd's body.
Morgan finishes walking to Rudd's body, looks down at body, lowers to knee, reaches for Bible.
Morgan moves Bible from under Rudd's foot, picks up hidden gun, puts gun in Bible, closes Bible, picks Bible up.
John O'Hanlon (James Stewart) and Harley Sullivan (Henry Fonda) walk toward bar structure, step up on front porch, Harley speaks to John.
Harley grabs John's arm, continues speaking to him, John looks at Harley, turns, goes through door.
Bartnder looks at John, speaks to John.
John replies to Bartender.
Bar patrons look at John.
Harley walks to the side, watches John.
John speaks to the bar patrons.
Bar patrons move away from bar.
Harley watches bar patrons, removes something from pocket.
John watches bar patrons.
Bar patrons continue moving, Corey Bannister (Robert J. Wilke) looks at John, stands up straight, turns to John.
Bannister speaks to John.
Harley looks at Bannister.
Bannister watches John.
John replies to Bannister.
Bannister speaks to John.
John replies to Bannister.
Bannister replies to John.
John replies to Bannister.
Bannister laughs, replies to John.
John replies to Bannister, Bannister draws gun, John draws gun.
Harley cracks nuts in hand.
Bannister aims at John, aims at Harley.
John aims at Bannister, fires gun.
Bannister falls onto table, falls onto floor, dies.
Harley looks at Bannister, looks at nuts in hand, looks at John.
John looks at Bannister, looks at gun.
Harley stares at John, shakes head.
John turns around, walks to door, pushes door, leaves.
Harley walks to door, pushes door, leaves.
Bartender comments about O'Hanlon.
Billy Ray Smith (Anthony Edwards) is pushed out of the house, walks into street.
Pestoso (Luis Contreras) watches Billy Ray, laughs, speaks to Billy Ray.
Billy Ray reaches into pocket, pulls spur out of pocket, speaks to Pestoso.
Pestoso replies to Billy Ray.
Billy Ray replies to Pestoso.
Pestoso replies to Billy Ray.
Billy Ray replies to Pestoso.
Pestoso replies to Billy Ray.
Billy Ray pauses, speaks to Pestoso.
Pestoso laughes replies to Billy Ray.
Billy Ray watches pestoso.
Pestoso begins walking toward Billy Ray.
Billy Ray begins backing up.
Pestoso continues walking toward Billy Ray, speaks to Billy Ray.
Billy Ray continues backing up, puts spur in pocket.
Pestoso continues walking toward Billy Ray.
Billy Ray continues backing up.
Pestoso finished walking toward Billy Ray.
Billy Ray stops backing up.
Pestoso breathes deeply, bystander watches Pestoso.
Billy Ray watches Pestoso, Billy Ray's legs shake.
Pestoso moves poncho to reveal gun, Billy Ray continues watching Pestoso, looks down.
Billy Ray moves coat to reveal gun, Pestoso shakes arms.
Billy Ray looks back at pestoso.
Pestoso continues movement, adjusts belt.
Billy Ray watches Pestoso.
Pestoso crackes knuckles, pulls on indiviual fingers.
Billy Ray crackes knuckles.
Pestoso continues to pull on fingers, watches Billy Ray.
Billy Ray pulls on individual fingers, winces in pain.
Pestoso moves arms out of loosen them.
Billy Ray shakes arms.
Pestoso glances down at gun.
Both men watch each other, Pestoso in foreground, Billy Ray in background.
Both men watch each other, Billy Ray in foreground, Pestoso in background.
Billy Ray watches Pestoso.
Pestoso watches Billy Ray, laughs.
Billy Ray watches Pestoso.
Pestoso speaks to Billy Ray, reaches down.
Pestoso draws gun, Billy Ray draws gun.
Billy Ray clenches teeth, gun shot goes off.
Billy Ray fires gun.
Pestoso is hit by bullet, beguins stumbling.
Billy Ray opens eyes, looks at Pestoso.
Pestoso continues stumbling.
Pestoso looks at Billy Ray, a bullet hole in his forehead.
Van Leek (Louis Goessett Jr.) climbs down from bell tower.
Billy Ray watches Pestoso, looks at gun, looks at Pestoso, Billy Ray narrates.
Pestoso continues stumbling.
Billy Ray watches Pestoso, Van Leek speaks to Billy Ray, Billy Ray looks back at Van Leek.
Billy Ray turns back to Pestoso, Van Leek walks toward Billy Ray.
Pestoso continues stumbling.
Van Leek finishes walking to Billy Ray, speaks to Billy Ray, Billy Ray looks at Van Leek, Van Leek looks at Pestoso, blows toward Pestosos.
Pestoso falls over.
Van Leeks looks at Billy Ray, clicks tongue, Billy Ray nods, clicks tongue.
Joe (Clint Eastwood) walks toward the mansion.
Joe stops at Coffinmaker, coffinmakersands coffin, hums, Joe turns toward cofffinmaker, speaks to coffinmaker, continues walking.
Thugs move in front of fence, watch Joe.
Man watches Joe pass from inside bar.
Man on balcony watches Joe.
Thugs continue moving toward duel position.
Joe finishes walking toward thugs, thugs walk toward Joe, thug A speaks to Joe.
Thug A continues speaking to Joe.
Joe watches thugs, thug A continues speaking to Joe, Joe replies to thug A.
Thug A replies to Joe.
Joe replies to thug A.
Thug B watches Joe.
Thug A watches Joe.
Thug B speaks to Joe.
Joe replies to thugs.
Thugs laugh.
Thugs continue to laugh.
Joe move poncho to reveal gun, thugs continue laughing.
Thugs continue laughing, thug A stops smiling.
Joe looks up at thugs, speaks to thugs.
Thugs stop laughing.
Thug B stops smiling.
Joe continues to speak to thugs.
Thug B watches Joe, Joe continues to speak to thugs.
Thug B puts hand on gun, Joe continues speaking to thugs.
Thugs watch Joe, Joe continues speaking to thugs.
Coffinmaker watches all.
Man watches all.
Joe watches thugs, thug A continues speaking to Joe, Joe replies to thug A.
Thugs watch Joe, thug A spits.
Joe watches thugs.
Thugs start to draw guns.
Joe draws gun.
Joe glares at thugs.
Joe fires gun consecutively, holsters gun.
Coffinmaker nods in approval.
John Baxter (Wolfgang Lukschy) and Antonio Baxter (Bruno Carotenuto) exit mansion.
Joe looks at John, John speaks to Joe.
John continues to talk to Joe.
Joe draws gun, aims gun at John, speaks to John.
John replies to Joe, searches pockets, takes out sherif's badge.
Joe replies to John, pulls poncho back to previous positon, turns around, walks away.
John looks at corpses of thugs.
Shep Horgan (Ernest Borgnine) enters the bar structure, armed with a rifle.
The other bar partons turn around, see Shep, move out of the way, Jubal Troop (Glenn Ford) and Red Haislipp (Charles Bronson) nottice Shep, Shep speaks to Jubal.
Shep continues speaking to Jubal.
Shep pulls hammer on rifle back, Jubal and Red begin standing up.
Jubal finishes standing up, speaks to Shep.
Shep replies to Jubal.
Jubal watches Shep.
Shep fires at Jubal, Jubal and Red both crouch.
Jubal speaks to Shep, Red speaks to Shep.
Shep replies to red, fires rifle again, Jubal crouches again.
Jubal speaks to Shep.
Shep replies to Jubal.
Red picks up table.
Red throws table at Shep.
Shep sidesteps table.
Red takes out gun, tosses it to Jubal.
Jubla catches gun, fires at Shep.
Shep stumbles agains table, looks at Jube.
Bar patrons watch Shep.
Shep falls, dies, Jubal and Red begin walking over to Shep.
Jubal and Red finish walking over to Shep, Jubal kneels next to body.
Jubal places a hand on body's back, looks up at Red, Red speaks to Jubal, Jubal looks back down at Shep.
Red walks back, picks up Jubals hat, speaks to bar patrons.
Bar patrons stare at Red.
Red turns around, begins walking toward door, speaks to Jube.
Jube looks up at Red, Red continues walking to door, speaks to Jube.
Jube stand up, walks away from body.
Bar patron speaks, other bar patron replies.
Bar patrons walk toward door.
Bar patron gets on horse, rides off.
Thug walks through street, turns head.
Unseen person throws lantern.
Thug raises gun, shoots at lantern, runs to building, shoots twice at darkness, steps onto porch, stands.
Unknown voice speaks to thug, thug walks away from building, reloads gun .
Thug looks into darkness, the Stranger (Clint Eastwood) enters frame, walks to front of burning house, thug turns around, walks toward Stranger.
Thug continues walking toward Stranger,.
Stranger stands, watches thug.
Thug continues walking toward Stranger.
Stranger moves coat aside.
Thug raises gun.
Stranger fires gun, thug flinches, drops gun.
Thug speaks to Stranger.
Stranger lowers gun, pulls back gun hammer.
Stranger fires gun three times, thug is hit all times.
Stranger lowers gun.
Thug falls to his knees, speaks to Stranger.
Stranger watches thug.
Thug falls over dead.
Stranger watches thug.
Barman looks around corner of building, walks out from behind building.
Barman aims gun at Stranger, Mordecai (Billy Curtis) fires gun at barman.
Stranger looks at barman.
Barman turns around, falls over dead, Mordecai looks at barman, looks at Stranger.
Stranger smiles, nods at Mordecai.
Mordecai smiles.
Doc Holiday (Val Kilmer) walks from between 2 trees into a clearing.
Johnny Ringo (Michael Biehn) notices Doc and greets him, thinking he's Wyatt Earp.
Johnny Ringo pushes off his tree and begins to approach Doc.
Johnny continues to approach Doc and speaks to him.
Doc continues to approach Johnny and speaks, revealing who he is.
Johnny stops approaching Doc.
Doc continues to approach johnny and speaks to him.
Johhny replies to Doc, not intending to fight him.
Doc replies for Johnny, persisting on the fight.
Johnny replies to Doc, continuing to refuse.
Doc replies, still persisting.
Johnny stares at Doc.
Doc reaches to move his coat aside.
Doc continues his reply and moves his coat to show his badge.
Johnny continues starting at Doc.
Doc stares at Johnny.
Johnny replies to Doc, smiling and consenting to the duel.
Doc begins circling Johnny.
Doc and Johnny circle each other.
The two continue circling, Johnny in background, Doc in foreground.
The two continue circling, Doc in background, Johnny in foreground.
The two stop circling, Johnny in background, Doc in foreground.
Doc stands and watches Johnny.
Both men watch one another, Doc in foreground, Johnny in background.
Doc continues to watch Johnny.
Johnny continues to watch Doc.
Docs eyes are shown close up and he speaks to Johnny.
The two men are shown, staring at each other.
Johnny continues to watch Doc.
Johnny's hand slowly slides toward his gun.
Doc's mouth is shown, smirking.
Doc taps the handle of his gun.
Docs eyes are shown close up.
Johnny's eyes are shown close up.
Johnny grabs his gun, pulls back the hammer, and draws.
Johnny begins to point his gun, Doc draws his gun.
Doc fires his gun.
Johnny's head jerks back from the shot.
Johnny stumbles back a step from the shot.
Doc holsters his gun.
Doc provokes the dying Johnny and backs up, Johnny moves toward him.
Doc continues to provoke Johnny.
Johnny continues stumbling forward.
Johnny fires his gun at the ground.
Johnny continues stumbling forward.
Doc taunts Johnny.
Johnny falls forward against a tree and dies.
Doc kneels down to Johnny, speaks to him, removes badge from his shirt and puts it on the corpse, then hears movement and turns, reaching for his gun.
Wyatt Earp (Kurt Russell) runs toward the scene of the duel.
Wyatt looks at Doc and the corpse of Johnny Ringo.
Doc turns back to Johnny and stands up, Wyatt joins him and Doc speaks to Wyatt.
Wyatt looks at Doc.
Jed Cooper (Clint Eastwood) crosses street, lights cigaratte, and notices horse.
Horse stands idly.
Jed walks to horse.
Jed's name is shown on saddle.
Jed walks to bar entrance.
Jed enters bar and approaches Reno (Joseph Sirola), initiates dialog.
Reno responds to Jed.
Jed replies to Reno.
Reno responds to Jed and pours himself a drink.
Reno and Jed continue conversing, Reno sets bottle down.
Jed put cigar in Reno's drink.
Jed retracts his hand and Reno begins turning to him.
Reno finishes turning to Jed and asks what he's done.
Jed leans toward him and asks if he remembers him.
Reno replies.
Jed pulls down scarf and reveals scar.
Reno stares.
Scar is shown close up along with Jed's face.
Reno continues to stare.
Reno backs away from Jed.
Jed watches Reno.
Reno continues to back away toward barrels, Jed speaks.
Showing Jed's face, Jed continues to speak.
Duel begins with Jed in foreground and Reno in background.
Reno draws pistol.
Jed shoots Reno.
Close up of Reno's face as he is shot.
Jed pulls back the hammer of his gun repeatedly.
Reno falls against barrels.
Reno falls and dies.
Jed walks from bar to Reno.
Jed continues to walk from bar to Reno, Jed holsters his gun.
John Simpson Chisum (James Coburn) stands on porch, hands cloth to guard, walks down stairs.
Billy the Kid's gang rides toward Chisum, narrator speaks.
Narrator finishes speaking, Chisum finishes walking, speaks to Billy the Kid (Emilio Estevez).
Chisum continues speaking, gang stops in front of Chisum.
Chisum finishes speaking.
Billy replies to Chisum.
Jose Chavez y Chavez (Lou Diamond Phillips) watches Chisum, Billy continues speaking.
Billy unfolds paper, continues speaking.
Billy finishes speaking, Chisum watches Billy, looks away, looks back at Billy, smiles at Billy, replies to Billy.
Billy replies to Chisum.
Chisum replies to Billy, steps toward Billy.
Billy watches Chisum.
Chisum continues speaking, thugs appear in background.
Arkansas Dave Rudabaugh (Christian Slater) replies to Chisum, looks back, looks back at Chisum.
Chisum watches the gang Josiah Gordon 'Doc' Scurlock speaks to Chisum.
Doc continues speaking.
Doc continues speaking, Chisum watches the gang.
Doc finishes speaking.
Chisum replies to Doc, speaks to gang.
Hendry William French (Alan Ruck) replies to Chisum.
Chisum watches Hendry.
Hendry speaks to Chisum, points at Chisum.
Thugs approach Chisum and the gang, Hendry continues speaking.
Hendry finishes replying.
Thug A speaks to Chisum, Chisum turns around.
Chisum replies to Thug A, walks toward Thug A, turns back to gang, turns back to Thug A, Billy speaks to Thugs.
Billy draws gun, aims gun at Thug A, speaks to Thug A.
Thug A watches Billy, Billy speaks to Chisum.
Dave pulls out shot gun, Billy continues speaking.
Chisum replies to Billy.
Thug B replies to Billy.
Thug A turns head to Thug B, Billy speaks to Thug A, Thug A looks at Billy.
Billy continues speaking, Chisum speaks to Billy.
Thug A unbuckles belt, Billy speaks to Thug A, thug A drops belt on the ground, Billy speaks to Thug A.
Billy holsters gun, dismounts horse, throws reigns over horse, walks to duel position, speaks to Chisum.
Chisum watches Billy, turns head to Thug B, Billy continues speaking.
Thug B watches Billy, Billy continues speaking.
Thug B's hand moves up holster toward gun, Billy continues speaking.
Billy continues speaking, takes off belt, walks forward, drops belt on ground, walks back, finishes speaking.
Thug B watches Billy.
Billy speaks to Thug B, spits into hands, rubs hands together.
Thug B flips leather guard off gun hammer.
Billy speaks to Thug B.
Thug B replies to Billy.
Billy speaks to Dave.
Dave fires shotgun.
Thug B falls back, dies.
Gang's horses move about, Chisum looks at Thug B, Billy crosses arms.
Chisum speaks to himself.
Billy speaks to Chisum.
Thug A watches Billy.
Dave looks at Thug A.
Thug A runs toward gun.
Billy speaks to Hendry.
Hendry tries to pull put rifle, rifle gets stuck.
Thug A pulls leather guard off pistol, Hendry exclaims.
Billy glances at Hendry, looks back at Thug A.
Hendry tries to draw pistol.
Dave shakes head, Billy speaks to Hendry.
Thug A pulls out pistol.
Billy watches Thug A.
Thug A looks up at Billy, aims pistol at Billy.
Rifle fires.
Rifle fires (barrel shown).
Thug A is hit.
Thug A falls back, dies, camera pans, Doc is shown aiming rifle.
Billy looks at Doc.
Doc looks at Billy, then at Chisum.
Chisum watches Doc, Billy speaks to Chisum, Chisum speaks to Billy.
Doc throws rifle on ground, turns horse.
Doc rides away.
Nessuno (Terrence Hill) stands in street, crowd rushes to get out of the way.
Crowd continues rushing.
Crowd continues rushing, Jack Beauregard (Henry Fonda) walks into street.
Crowd continues rusing, camera man runs from side street onto porch with camera, assistant follows.
Jack watches Nessuno.
Nessuno looks around street, looks at Jack.
Both Jack and Nessuno watch each other.
Nessuno watches Jack.
Jack watches Nessuno.
Camera focuses on the two men (camera POV).
Cameraman pulls cover off, grunts to Nessuno.
Nessuno looks at Cameraman.
Cameraman points to Nessuno, indicates moving over to Nessuno's right.
Nessuno points thumb to his right, steps to his right.
Cameraman pulls cover off.
Camera focuses on the two men, Nessuno continues stepping to his right (camera POV).
Cameraman gets button ready.
Nessuno finishes stepping to the right.
Cameraman holds button up.
Nessuno nods, adjusts hat.
Jack pulls coat away to reveal gun.
Nessuno pulls off coat.
Nessuno continues to pull off coat, drops coat to ground.
Crowd watches Nessuno, looks at Jack.
Jack watches Nessuno.
Crowd watches both men.
Both Jack and Nessuno watch each other.
Jack watches Nessuno.
Nessuno watches Jack.
Cameraman holds button ready, assistant holds powder tray.
Nessuno watches Jack.
Jack watches Nessuno.
Nessuno watches Jack.
Cameraman focuses on both men.
Jack draws gun, Nessuno draws gun, fires gun (camera POV).
Jack is hit by bullet.
Jack stumbles, cameraman takes off cover.
Assistant lowers powder tray, pokes powder, cameraman looks at powder tray, takes power tray, fiddles with powder, looks at Nessuno, puts cover back on.
Jack looks down at wound, looks up at Nessuno.
Nessuno speaks to Jack.
Jack watches Nessuno, laughs, begins turning.
Jack turns toward cameraman.
Cameraman presses button.
Jack falls to knees, camera takes picture (camera POV).
Abe Cross (Johnny Cash) and Will Tenneray (Kirk Douglas) stand together and smile for a picture.
The photographer takes the picture, the young gunfighter (Keith Carradine) walks up to the front of the bar structure and speaks to the crowd.
The crowd looks at the man, a citizen replies to the gunfighter and points out Abe and Will.
The young gunfighter speaks to Abe and Will, tips hat.
Abe and Will nod in acknowledgement.
The young gunfighter speaks to Abe and Will.
Will looks at the young gunfighter.
Nora Tenneray (Jane Alexander)  and Bud Tenneray (Eric Douglas) enter the area.
Abe looks at the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter speaks to Abe and Will.
The crowd move away from the area.
Marshal Tom Cater (Robert J. Wilke) walks toward the scene.
The crowd continues clearing out.
The crowd continues clearing out.
Nora and Bud watch the men.
Abe and Will watch the young gunfighter.
The Reporter speaks to the photographer, photograhper sets up camera, the reporter speaks to the crowd.
Tom watches the men.
Abe and Will and the young gunfighter stare at eachother.
Abe speaks to the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter looks at Abe.
Abe continues speaking.
The young gunfighter replies.
Will replies to the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter replies to Will.
Tom speaks to all three.
Abe and Will look at Tom.
Tom turns, speaks to the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter replies to Tom.
Tom watches the young gunfighter.
Abe and Will watch the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter speaks to Tom.
Tom replies to the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter watches Tom.
Will speaks to Tom, Tom turns to Will, walks toward Will, replies to Will, points toward young gunfighter.
Tom continues reply to Will.
Tom turns to young gunfighter, speaks to young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter watches Tom.
Tom speaks to the young gunfighter,walks toward young gunfighter, the young gunfighter replies to Tom.
Young gunfighter continues to reply to Tom.
Tom replies to the young gunfighter, walks toward young gunfighter, the young gunfighter draws gun, fires.
Tom jersk back, falls backward, Abe and Will run down from porch.
Bar owner runs out of bar.
Nora looks at Bud, looks back at men.
Crowd moves forward.
Abe Will and citizen help Tom up off the ground, Abe and two other citizens help him walk, Tom speaks to crowd, Will looks at young gunfighter.
Young gunfighter watches Will.
Will watches the young gunfighter.
Young gunfighter watches Will.
Citizen speaks to other citizens, pulls them away.
Will watches the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter speaks to Will.
Will watches the young gunfighter.
Abe helps Tom walk, lets go of Tom, turns back, walks toward scene.
Young gunfighter holsters gun.
Will watches the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter continues speaking.
Will replies to the young gunfighter.
Young gunfighter watches Will.
Nora and Bud watch the men.
Abe looks at Will.
Will watches the young gunfighter.
The young gunfighter draws his gun.
Will draws his gun, fires.
The young gunfighter falls backward, dead.
Will watches the young gunfighter.
Nora and Bud turn around to look at Will.
The young gunfighter lies on the ground.
Will looks at Abe.
Abe looks away from Will.
Will looks at young gunfighter, toses gun up.
The young gunfighter lies on the ground.
Abe looks at Will.
Will holsters gun, citizens walk to Will, shake Will's hand, Will leaves to duel scene.
Abe turns around, walks away.
Spotted Horse (Jonothon Gill) draws war paint on face with finger, speaks.
Cort (Russell Crowe) loads bullet into pistol, tests pistol hammer, aims pistol at ground, flips pistol sevral times, holsters pistol, removes coat.
Cort throws his coat aside, rolls up left sleeve, rolls up right sleeve, adjusts vest collar, adjusts belt.
Herod (Gene Hackman) looks from Cort to Spotted Horse.
Spotted Horse watches Cort.
Spotted Horse and Cort face each other.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Spotted Horse Watches Cort.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Spotted Horse Watches Cort.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Guard stands on clock tower, clock doesn't move.
Spotted Horse reaches for gun.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Clock does not move.
Spotted Horse watches Cort.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Clock does not move.
Spotted Horse watches Cort.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Clock hand moves to 12, .
Ellen (Sharon Stone) rides horse away from town, gun shot goes off, Ellen stops, turns head back.
Ellen looks at the town.
Ellen turns horse and continues riding away from town.
Cort stands on street, Spotted Horse lies on the ground, Doc Wallace (Roberts Blossom) walks into street, looks at Spotted Horse, speaks to crowd.
Cort holsters pistol, crowd enters street, cort turns around to leave, stops, looks back.
Spotted Horse lifts head off ground.
Crowd runs out of street, Cort draw pistol, opens chamber, Spotted Horse speaks.
Spotted Horse stands up, continues speaking.
Cort speaks to Herod.
Herod replies to Cort.
Spotted Horse straightens, aims pistol at Cort.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Spotted Horse pulls back pistol hammer, fires pistol.
Cort flinches/dodges, holds out hand, speaks to Herod.
Herod shakes head, shrugs.
Spotted Horse fires pistol, Cort looks around, speaks to crowd.
Blind boy (Jerry Swindall) searches box of bullets.
Cort looks at blind boy.
Blind boy contines searching box, Cort speaks to blind boy.
Blind boy continues searching box.
Blind boy stares intently, Herod speaks to Cort.
Herod continues speaking.
Spotted Horse fires pistol.
Lamp falls from wire, Cort flinches.
Herod speaks to Cort.
Spotted Horse pulls back pistol hammer.
Cort looks at blind boy, speaks to blind boy, Spotted horse fires pistol.
Blind boy picks up bullet.
Blind boy takes bullet out of box, turns around.
Spotted Horse fires pistol.
Rope behind cort snaps, Cort looks at blind boy, speaks to blind boy.
Blind Boy turns around, throws bullet to Cort.
Bullet flies through the air.
Cort looks up, jumps.
Bullet continues to fly through the air.
Spotted Horse takes pistol in both hands.
Cort catches bullet.
Cort lands on the ground.
Cort slides bullet into chamber, closes chamber.
Spotted Horse pulls pistol hammer back.
Cort looks at Spotted Horse.
Spotted Horse it shot in the head.
Spotted Horse falls back, stands in road.
Cort watches Spotted Horse.
Crowd approaches Spotted Horse ,Spotted Horse raises arm and pistol.
Cort backs away, watches Spotted Horse.
Spotted Horse's arm falls back down.
Herod looks at Cort, stands up.
Ratsy (Raynor Schiene) speaks to Cort, puts shackles on Cort's wrists.
Herod walks to Cor, claps, speaks to crowd, crowd claps, Herod puts hand on Corts shoulder, speaks to Cort, tears off Cort's priest collar, tosses collar